PYCBC-1482: Improve C++ Wrapper SDKs TLS Documentation (#229)
couchbase/docs-sdk-python: modules/howtos/pages/managing-connections.adoc

[#ssl]
== Secure Connections

WARNING: If the client cannot load or was not built with OpenSSL, attempting a TLS connection will result in a 'FEATURE_UNAVAILABLE'.

Couchbase Server Enterprise Edition and Couchbase Capella support full encryption of client-side traffic using Transport Layer Security (TLS).
This includes key-value type operations, queries, and configuration communication.
Make sure you have the Enterprise Edition of Couchbase Server, or a Couchbase Capella account, before proceeding with configuring encryption on the client side.

For TLS certificate verification the SDK uses the following CA certificates:

* The certificates in the Mozilla Root CA bundle (bundled with the SDK as of 4.1.5 and obtained from https://curl.se/docs/caextract.html[curl])
* The certificates in OpenSSL's default CA certificate store (as of SDK 4.1.0)
* The self-signed root certificate that is used to sign the Couchbase Capella certificates (bundled with the SDK as of 4.0.0)

> The OpenSSL defaults can be overriden using the `SSL_CERT_DIR` and `SSL_CERT_FILE` environment variables. The `SSL_CERT_DIR` variable is used to set a specific directory in which the client should look for individual certificate files, whereas the `SSL_CERT_FILE` environment variable is used to point to a single file containing one or more certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenSSL defaults can be overridden using the `SSL_CERT_DIR` and `SSL_CERT_FILE` environment variables. The `SSL_CERT_DIR` variable is used to set a specific directory in which the client should look for individual certificate files, whereas the `SSL_CERT_FILE` environment variable is used to point to a single file containing one or more certificates.
```

Loading the Mozilla certificates can be disabled by setting the `disable_mozilla_ca_certificates` property of `ClusterOptions`.

> The {cbpp} core's metadata provide information on where OpenSSL's default certificate store is located,  which version of the Mozilla CA certificate store was bundled, and other useful details. You can get the metadata using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {cbpp} core's metadata provide information about where OpenSSL's default certificate store is located,  which version of the Mozilla CA certificate store was bundled, and other useful details. You can get the metadata using the following command:
```

====
[source,console]
----
$ python -c "from couchbase import get_metadata; print(get_metadata(detailed=True))"
----
[source,console]
----
{
 ...
 'mozilla_ca_bundle_date': 'Tue Jan 10 04:12:06 2023 GMT',
 'mozilla_ca_bundle_embedded': True,
 'mozilla_ca_bundle_sha256': 'fb1ecd641d0a02c01bc9036d513cb658bbda62a75e246bedbc01764560a639f0',
 'mozilla_ca_bundle_size': 137,
 ...
 'openssl_default_cert_dir': '/opt/homebrew/etc/openssl@1.1/certs',
 'openssl_default_cert_dir_env': 'SSL_CERT_DIR',
 'openssl_default_cert_file': '/opt/homebrew/etc/openssl@1.1/cert.pem',
 'openssl_default_cert_file_env': 'SSL_CERT_FILE',
 ...
}
----
====

> With debug-level logging enabled, if the Mozilla certificates have been loaded, a message with the information on the version of the Mozilla CA certificate store will be output. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With debug-level logging enabled, if the Mozilla certificates have been loaded, the output will be a message with the information about the version of the Mozilla CA certificate store. For example:
```

Author: Hmm I don't think that would be right, what I wanted to say is that the logs will include the message with the Mozilla cert information (among other things)

Reviewer: 👍 just output -> outputted, and on -> about is fine

Couchbase Server::
+
--

> Because certificates from the Mozilla Root CA store are bundled with the SDK, if the server’s certificate is signed by a well-known CA (e.g., GoDaddy, Verisign, etc.), you no longer need to configure the `cert_path` property in the `PasswordAuthenticator` -- simply use `couchbases://` in your connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificates from the Mozilla Root CA store are now bundled with the SDK. If the server's certificate is signed by a well-known CA (e.g., GoDaddy, Verisign, etc.), you don't need to configure the `cert_path` property in the `PasswordAuthenticator`, instead use `couchbases://` in your connection string.
```
